update rerank documentation (#2783)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/model_server_rest_api_chat.md

|-----|----------|----------|----------|---------|-----|
| model | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | string (required) | Name of the model to use. From administrator point of view it is the name assigned to a MediaPipe graph configured to schedule generation using desired model.  |
| stop | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | string/array of strings (optional) | Up to 4 sequences where the API will stop generating further tokens. If `stream` is set to `false` matched stop string **is not** included in the output by default. If `stream` is set to `true` matched stop string **is** included in the output by default. It can be changed with `include_stop_str_in_output` parameter, but for `stream=true` setting `include_stop_str_in_output=false` is invalid. |

> | stream | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | bool (optional, default: `false`) | If set to true, partial message deltas will be sent to the client. The generation chunks will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a `data: [DONE]` message. [Example Python code](clientsgenai.md) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| stream | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | bool (optional, default: `false`) | If set to true, partial message deltas will be sent to the client. The generation chunks will be sent as data-only [server-sent events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Server-sent_events/Using_server-sent_events#event_stream_format) as they become available, with the stream terminated by a `data: [DONE]` message. [Example Python code](clients_genai.md) |
```

Reviewer: The same error in all other pages
